big Christmas I'm still single yeah
depressing in there there's my own fault
I cuz I'm crap at chatting up women my
friends say holly is the problem you're
an attractive guys just be yourself
that's a little nugget of wisdom just be
yourself thanks for that cuz up to now I
miss being an 83 year old time Gary
please the unknown now where I've been
going wrong right just be yourself well
the problem would just be myself
actually is I'll admit I'm a bit of a
math geek which to be honest how to help
you get laid it has helping to keep
extra statistical all the times i failed
the x axis there is how desperate I am
for sure y axis is someone chance of
getting a pity shank obviously yeah
that's an estimate it you can see the
trend driv anything with statistics but
I have tried you know in the interest of
just being myself I tried to make the
amassing work to check out women gotta
go to something like care hey I'm going
to be a tangent so I could touch your
curve if I balance your checkbook with
you factorize my polynomial as a friend
this is this is a conversation I had it
a few days ago lots of times before some
of the men probably recognize it goes
something like this only you're a great
guy you're attractive yeah smart you're
funny I can't see why anyone would want
to go out with you well will you go out
with me sorry I just don't you think of
you that way so thick it doesn't that
invalidate everything just naked I mean
what what does that mean I just don't
think of you that way some woman might
conceivably think of you that way
personally I think you're not be fucker
ok but you're a great listener and I
don't have to look at you on the phone
so let's be friends yeah yeah I'm a
great listener listen your brains out
this at all yeah well I done listening
to well she tells me she complains to me
about the guys that she does go out with
and she wishes this you can meet
somebody more like me forgive me for
pointing out the bloody obvious I'm just
being myself how much more I mean you
get only I don't think you think like oh
sorry I forgot yeah so to remind me that
she doesn't fancy me she is one of these
friendship bracelet to wear on my art as
a substitute from all the sex sometimes
I'm sorry a little bit frustrating
Shiva
get really friendly business I know you
did let's just be friends you know what
we should do we should turn it round
guys when a woman says to us let's just
be friends we should say sorry I just
don't think of you that way Meghan maybe
some guy conceivably might wanna just be
friends personally I was just hoping for
shy yeah you do have really vintage
there to be fuck buddies I bet your
fuckbuddy bracelet I'm statistically to
freshen our leave you now with this
vendor you red circle represents all the
women that I will ever have sex with and
the green circle represents all the
women here tonight if you think